dark Italy nice or I'll actually I was
just spawn trapping him and I got bored
and started fly over them please I'm
about to dominate you now on your own
race you're gonna die not for sure no no
it says for serious pro stunters yeah
that's what I am no no bannanas 3
bananas one go go backwards mango ah
first check points behind you I no no oh
shit seriously fucking troll dr. right
i'm lagging what the fuck scratching Oh
made it although i'm in the second play
asparagus oh my god mom hardcore I'm
immediate and brought it radishes haha
radishes let me tell you story about my
radishes to ever talk about my walk
across we need to invite bait here yum
place when you finish the loop oh I mean
it is that I'm leave it when you're
finished loop is that the whole race or
are there two level there's a little bit
more it's just a point a point it's
pretty short race what he had but the
shitty spawn is fucking shitty what your
shitty
Oh made it finally fucking had to turn
my car be there northam ated made made
it make she don't know what I'm saying
they're just drove into those poles dry
need your two wheels because that's how
pro players roll those guys are stuck in
the beginning huh sure they can all the
time ago it's like they don't know how
to do a wall ride in the first wall
right right oh shoot place yeah how do
you pronounce this word because
supposedly it's an American named for
something zucchini mafia he didn't even
sound right in the woods please how
would you say it now recall in college
as well Cooper does it gain a zucchini
just okay I don't know how doesn't need
gay yeah we should call him cause ya
told him of the made-up word who made it
I'm the world police the King of England
1947 he did no no 1962 like we're not uh
one hand we may I won't have it was
fucking degenerate who King darrek
tonight yeah yeah to record he made it
let's do this no just really comes
behind you you know don't listen to him
he strongly use your new one and bloody
let's go back go back go go for your
loss i need a runner that's a nice idea
putting the checkpoint there that tells
people done' well it helps with the
response god it's like you so much dude
what
it's a bit segmented in a cinema oh
Beautiful like it yeah i was thinking
about making another version where I
just keep continuing the water I took
all the way around the building like
that do you have enough left yeah that
was only like 60 props oh god XD bromide
uh 60 so yeah if you get quite a bit
further Duncan yeah and I can you get
the angle it more on beyond delario yeah
probably fuck rum it's these fucking
things to line the rough you know I
don't want to actually hit those you
just kind of want to barely get your
left tire onto the higher ram yeah i'm
in i'm just going level at each time
weird fucking creepy shit if anything
you want to go to help it there you go
yeah i just turned into it patrol der
you know mm-hmm it's her pro stunters
only haha yes so not gonna finish it I
easy can't do it ha fucking life went
through the fucking shit gonna fail
bright line finish line's right up here
it's a really short race all right
fucking a beautifui to my book but I
fuck are done deal it up do you know if
I care I'm not a mite halftime Earth's
nah man
no it's the nah man nah man did you good
Oh Tina haha oh it's also the d the Big
D the big gay motherfucker blazes you
got to be now you get a deep you get too
deep and sort of labels finger off
vehicles it's sexy dolphin my place